Inmate Search Results
 Table Tile
Records Per Page:
4
8
12
16
20
32
Inmate
Number	Full
Name	Date of Birth
.	Current
Location	Committing
County
PE1239	JACQUELINE ELIZABETH CHATTIN	02/21/1991	CAMBRIDGE SPRINGS	SCHUYLKILL


<<
<
1
>
>>
Back to Search
Department of Corrections
Frequently Asked Questions
Disclaimer
Right To Know
Disclaimer
The Inmate/Department Supervised Individual Locator contains information about inmates and department supervised individuals depending on the locator selected. The Digital Photo Upload System will allow users to upload photos using Inmate Locator.

The Inmate Locator contains information about each inmate currently under the jurisdiction of the Department of Corrections. The Inmate Locator is a useful tool for learning where an inmate is housed, the inmate's race, date of birth and other items.

Information regarding where an inmate is housed is not an indication as to whether the inmate is receiving any treatment that may be offered by the Department of Corrections at that housing location.

The Department Supervised Individual Locator contains information about each department supervised individual currently under the supervision of the Department of Corrections. The Department Supervised Individual Locator is a useful tool for learning which county the department supervised individual resides, the department supervised individual's race, date of birth and other items.

Information regarding a department supervised individual on this website does not necessarily indicate that the department supervised individual is a wanted individual.

The Pennsylvania Department of Corrections updates this information daily. The Pennsylvania Department of Corrections makes no representation as to the accuracy, completeness or utility of this information, and assumes no liability for inaccurate information, delays in updating data, errors, omissions or for any use of the information provided herein.

Information other than an inmate number/parole number, institutional assignment/district office and committing county/county of residence is furnished by sources other than the Department/Board and is not independently verified.
CLOSE